TL:DR
This is a somewhat-inspirational message, and a friendly reminder that Treya was created to be used ONLY for informational purposes. Why are you even here? What is the name of this file?

The rest is a personal note from one aspiring human being to another.
(Insert work history here)
I get this question a lot when applying for jobs in 2023 to 2026: How do you keep up with the latest trends in cyber security?
"I read newsletters and articles, I keep up with social media, I- oh, and I read books."
That answer just kinda sucks to me. It's not just a boring answer, its terrible conversation. So when they asked this question (or anything, for that matter), it basically made me feel like there's a chance I could say something cool here that I've never heard of anyone else saying.
When I made Treya, I was merely testing out my ability to literally create an application to prove to myself that I could do it (without AI). I studied Python aggressively in a short period of time, regardless of how unwise it could be. And honestly I'm surprised I made it this far into the industry without knowing any Python at all. I added Treya to my resume not to highlight that I had created a new way for me to digest information, but to challenge myself to push my own boundaries.
That being said, saying "I use Treya" as an answer to this question also kinda sucks as an answer to me, but since it's something 
So, if you're like me right now and you're trying to get to the next phase of your life, and you decide to use Treya for cyber security news like me, then of course, feel free. But if I, as a person who made something shareable that worked for me, wish to help you, the person I'm sharing with, then don't stop at Treya. Put all your feelings, your gripes, your suffering, all of it aside, and challenge yourself to literally make that monumental 'thing' that you personally wish existed. Bridge as many knowledge gaps as possible, make sure it is something you are actually passionate about, and sacrifice anything within reason to see it through to the end.   
And if you're somebody that wants to break Treya (for good or for bad), then change all the names and remove this file so that we are not affiliated.
As of this day, January 28th, 2026, I am only about hafway into creating Treya (both physically and conceptually), and I have not listed Treya in any job applications yet. But I plan to always mention Treya in my resume, and I make sure to highlight the full process it took to create her because I'm proud of her. Whether or not she's gotten me any closer in life to where I want to be has yet to be seen. To anyone that finds this section, you are my comrade, my competition, and my inspiration. Let's continue to push our own mental boundaries and do great things together.